Now let's calculate, how do model performance if it only has feature one?
So we use this function to say,
"Okay, let's just grab feature one."
Let's also create another decision tree and we'll fit the data,
we'll fit the model to the data.
So the sample input for feature one is one because remember in this case,
we were choosing an observation where all the features would be
one and we're going to use re-shape to make sure that it has the correct dimensions.
Okay. So, the model's prediction when it only takes feature one is 0.5.
So, when feature one is one,
then the prediction of the model 0.5.
If you look at the data in x,
this makes sense because when feature one is one,
half the time the label in y is zero and half of the time the label and Y is one.
So on average, the prediction is 0.5.
So what I mean by that is, if you look at the data,
sample data that we created.
So feature one is this column in the middle and the labels,
I'll create a new cell for that,
the labels are in Y.
This middle column is the value one. What are the labels?
Half of the time the labels are one and half of the time the labels are zero.
In the case when this middle column is one.
So that's why the model's predicting that the output of
the model would be 0.5 if it only knows about this middle column.
Okay. So once we've gotten the prediction of the model,
with S including I and take the difference from that
from when the model only knows set S. Then here's the difference.
This is essentially saying the prediction of S union I which is one,
which we saw up here,
the prediction of S union I is one minus the prediction when it's just the set S,
which is 0.51 minus 0.5 is 0.5.
Okay. Last step is,
calculate the weight assigned to the marginal contribution.
In other words, what are those factorials?
In this case, if the marginal contribution occurs one
out of the six possible permutations of the features then
its weight would be one sixth and we can
verify that by going ahead and using that function.
So remember we're passing in the size of set S, okay?
The size of set S is one.
We can verify that as well.
Size S is one and so the weight is one sixth.
We can verify that again.
One divided by six is what we get here.
Great. So now continue onto the next video that
introduces case B which you'll try in the quiz. Thanks.